Good.
Yeah, hi, Pradeep. Good morning.
**** ***.
Hey, good evening.
So yeah, I saw your messages. I have to, I'll be quick here today because I forgot today is tax day in the US. So basically if I don't, I'll have the government running after me if I don't get some stuff done today.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, maybe Claude may help a little bit. Yeah, you should. What do you call create your own workflow for this? Like, is it like monthly thing or like yearly or quarterly?
But...
Haha.
Oh yeah.
So basically every year, it's like the worst, most backwards thing you can imagine. So basically every paycheck, the government takes some money. How much money they take is up to you.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Makes no sense, right? There's a whole industry in the United States that exists because of this very fact. So they take your money and let's say that I, you know, expect my deductibles from the government due to taxes to be, let's say, 10%, 30%.
That's good, yeah.
Hmm.
Mmh.
whatever it might be.
Okay.
What the actual deductible amount is, it's a secret that only the government knows.
Ohh.
You know, so basically what happens is that every year, so imagine I get paid $100 and I give 25 of that to the government to cover what I believe to be the tax. And the government says, yep, looks good. And basically I'm going to give you two months in the year to talk to an accountant and figure out if you paid me too much or if you paid me not enough.
And.
or if you paid me just right.
OK.
Yeah, great.
So once a year, we have to submit to the government all of our financial information, and then they will send us back either a check for what we overpaid to them, or they will send us back a notice that, hey, you owe me money.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
It's the stupidest thing, but basically if you don't do it, you lose money. And if you don't do it and you owe money, then you're in some big trouble. So
Yeah, right. Kind of like what do you call outsourcing the checking and due diligence work to the taxpayer themselves. Kind of smart, I would say. Yeah, but inefficient.
Yeah, when?
That's.
That's one word for it, you know? I've got a lot of four-letter words for it.
Yeah, at least they are not paying from their pockets for like the checking all the accounts and everything.
Right, right.
So what, so basically what will happen is I will have to go, I have to go to that to my accountant and get this figured out. So I'll probably miss most of our session today for the team. I'll put a new one on the calendar anyway. I just know that I think our meeting starts whenever I'm supposed to meet with the guy. So.
Mhm.
Okay.
I'll let everyone know in the chat, but I just wanted to touch base with you because I know you'll be there, so didn't probably talk through it.
Yep.
A couple of quick things. One, I'm going to let Serenibus know about the state for the laptop.
Mhm.
Just because we have that renewal coming up and I want him to be aware, you know, hey, these are silly things that have nothing to do with us. You know, that's one.
Yeah, even like when I contacted like the support, right? So they were like, you are a red badge employee for Cisco. I'm like, what exactly is red badge employee? So they are like contracted employees. So you will be, you might have gotten.
what is refurbished laptops. Okay. And they also have some kind of like limitation of up to how much they can repair this for. So it might also be possible that once I get my loaner and send this for repairs, first of all, they are saying that it might take around one to two months.
Okay, just sending it, yeah, just sending it, checking it on their end, and then resending it back. It might take at least a month or at max two or three months. Okay, so that's why they are like, we can provide you a loaner laptop in the meantime, like come and collect your loaner laptop from Cisco office tomorrow.
What?
And they have provided like a IT guy's number on the desk. So I've pinged him, but he has not shared like any timings with me. Like when should I go and collect and how should like I submit my current Mac? But yeah, that's what they're saying. Like yeah, if like the repair is what you call.
they are not ready to do the repairs because of the cost or whatever thing. Then like they will transfer the loaner as like my laptop. So yeah.
Okay, so here's what I need from you on this. So I need two things. Number one, I need you to get this written up to me in some email and be as, you know, fact-driven as you can. So just say, you know, here's the, you know, on this day this happened, I reached out to Cisco IT, here's what they said back to me. You don't have to pull any
Mm-hmm.
punches here. You know, because what I want to do is I'm going to send it to Srinivas and to anand because this is like the third time in a row that IT's been stupid.
Mhm.
Okay.
And I want to, because this is just crazy. Like they took two months to get us our equipment in the 1st place, and then they gave us broken junk.
Excellent.
Yeah, I guess everyone should have the same because as they said, contract, what do you call, contracted employees only get like refurbished laptops. So yeah, everyone should have same, so there might be some issues coming on your ends as well. Yeah.
So, I...
What?
Well, that's a problem, 'cause I'm gonna tell ask for any of us what he wants to do. You know, Cloud PC makes no sense. We could do it on a local personal.
Yeah.
Um...
You know, and basically, if it comes down to it, I'll just buy you a Mac and call it a day, and we can, you know, get their image on. That's probably going to be the fastest thing here, but I'm going to make them pay for it.
Mhm.
Okay, okay.
because that shouldn't have happened in the 1st place. So I'm going to say, look, do you want either you lose a person here with no change order to the thing, or, you know, you do the right thing in the 1st place? That's unacceptable. You know, I'm saying this as someone who's been on their side of the fence before. That is 1000% their responsibility.
Yep.
It's up to us to take that email and go to IT and say, what the actual heck are you doing, guys? We've got work to do. Yeah.
Yes, and like more than that, like just the way they are handling the cases. Like I raised it tomorrow in the afternoon around, okay. And for like the whole day, nothing happened. Today I get like an assigned to another person.
And for this day, like today also, whole day gone, and they did nothing except for what I already did with Claude and what you told me, like power on and those things, like simple, silly, like hardware stuff. So yeah, after doing all of this, like 2 days are gone with nothing, and then on the third day, they are like...
Yeah, come to our office.
So just, like I said, just document that and send that to me. I'll take care of it. Like, don't feel like you have to say, you know, one thing or another. Like, don't add any color commentary to it. Just be very factual. Just say, hi, Colin, I'm having an issue. I wanted to let you know, you know, the history of this and, you know,
kind of what's been going on. I'm unable to resolve it on my end. And definitely, you know, put in bold that thing where they said it would take two months to fix a laptop. That's nuts. And then at the bottom of that email, also include, and you don't have to be delicate with it. Just say, here's the work that was on that laptop from me.
Yep.
Now, don't be yourself here. I know yourself you're going to say, I already was working on in my Bay 1 machine, so I didn't really lose anything.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Here, just say that.
So, I did lose something like we have Docker and I changed that to Podman, so yeah, and the word tokens, but yeah, it's OK, yeah.
Yes.
Well, we'll just say that, you know, this will affect my progress on this until that laptop is able to be repaired and returned to me.
Yeah, there was like research material on that, like for WebEx SDK, which we did like the whole Docker deployment and other things also, like, yeah, for repo also the documentation I did for the architecture and all the things surrounding the repo of DCN tools that was also on there.
So, yeah, there were like a lot of things which might which will make it easier if, like, we have current access, but yeah, those all are like kind of gone, I would suppose, at this point in time, because I am not expecting anything from there, so I will just think of it as gone, yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Right, that's what I would do as well. And as much as it sucks, it's like, I'll put it this way, if you go through with IT and, you know, listen to what they say, you're never going to, you're always going to be in wait mode.
Yeah.
But just phrase that in the bottom of the email. You know, phrase it so that it sounds big. Don't just say like I lost some research, but say like I lost, you know, about, you know, this many days worth of work that was, you know, something for this. I will have to redo that work if it's not returned.
that is an immediate item. Even if they come back in a week, it won't matter at that point because we'll have to, you know, have things. So it's, you can't just wait. You have to pretty much redo it.
Mhm.
Just put that in there because that will give me a way to go and escalate this up to anand and Srinivas and I want anand to know.
He's going to help us with it. On my end, I want him to make it right. I want you to get a brand new machine. I want them to make it a priority case to recover the old machine. I don't want you to get that one back. I just want them to give it to you so you can get the files off of it and then continue to use the new hardware.
Mhm.
Yep, yep, makes sense.
So I'll take care of that on my side, and I'll give him the option too to say, look, if it's going to take any longer than a week here, we are going to get behind. At this point, can I take it into my control and just buy the laptop under the SAL because your IT is incompetent?
Okay.
Like, so I'll take care of it. I'll say that in a more diplomatic way, but that's the really what I'm getting at, and he'll read between the lines with me too.
Yeah.
And should I like code the names of like support guys or just the support ticket is okay? Like I think they might be able to check it on the back end for like what ticket is raised, what was like the progress on that. Because technically I don't want to get those support guys in a mess like for this case. They.
For them, it is like a regular thing, and certainly there is an escalation for your ticket to a VP, so yeah, that might be problematic for them.
Well, so just include it anyway if you want to. So you don't have to include it. The reason why it's always helpful to include is because it makes it more real. So instead of saying like, I reached out to support, you could say I reached out to support and got a hold of, you know, person A on.
you know, this day and time.
Mhm.
Now, I'll put it this way. I would include them if that person has been a problem or unhelpful. Even if you don't want to get them in trouble, it's part of their job. They have SLAs themselves. So two months, it's an insane metric to have for a company. Even for what they consider as red badge workers, does not matter.
Yep.
Mmh.
That's longer than most contracts are, so that just doesn't make any logical sense. That's basically them going and telling you to **** ***. So that's, you know, if someone was helpful to you, you don't have to include their name, but if someone was like kind of not responsive or yanking you around, you can include their name.
And.
Yeah.
Yeah, so it was not like a kind of yanking me around. It was just kind of the way it is structured. So first I reach out to support, correct? It was no like dedicated line for like this particular thing. So they created a case and I think put it in some bucket.
Or.
Okay, from where it took like almost a day for me to get assigned to a channel. Correct. On which I talked to like another rep. So first one created the case that took one day to get assigned to the second rep. And the second one called it like basic troubleshooting and the things which I told you. For this also, like they are already providing what you call lunar laptop.
So I don't know how I should phrase it, or even because mainly I don't know what they're like, what do you call?
internal instructions or something of those sorts are like because I have also worked in this line. Generally there are like particular guidelines which you have to follow. So if like, if he was doing his job like okay, then I'm like I don't want to like call out their names, but yeah, that's why it's kind of hard for me to decide on this.
Okay.
to name drop. I can like, what do you call it, write the ticket number there so that they can maybe put that ticket in priority. But for this link, yeah.
Yeah, that's good. That's good. Yeah, you can let's do that. Let's do that. Because then if they want to find it and they want to do that, they can. But that way you don't have to feel bad. If it happens, it happens, but it'll be coming from them.
Yep, yep.
And.
Yeah. So we'll do that. Now in the meantime, there's some things that we can do even on our end.
And I'll show you what that looks like for Cisco side. So what you can do in the meantime, because there's some things that we can.
Mhm.
take care of. Now, I'm being a little bit selfish here because I want you to also be able to have time for this EPNM UI stuff.
Yep, yep, and making a good point, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so, but I don't want, in the best way, I don't want, not sneaky, but I don't want Srikar and Namita Vaishali to know that because they're going to say, hey, why am I not involved there? And I'm like, because you guys have laptops number one and #2, I want you to keep going on here, especially the two that are in person.
Yeah.
Yep.
So for your side, for the CICD, what I'll probably have is probably a shift.
a couple of responsibilities on to you that you can do without Cisco hardware. So for instance, at least you have the WebEx chats. So what we can do is grab the, and you'll have a way to grab the transcripts anyway from what you had built. So we can get those, start to get some architecture put together for Srinivas.
Uh-huh.
Um, I'm a...
Okay, so like currently it is as a bot, so should I change that as like a service app for like extraction and the bot for like make it modular kind of and build a MCP and that sort of it?
Yeah.
Yeah, that would be great. That would be great, because we can use that for a ton of different things.
Yeah, we had also like when I was like kind of thinking about this now. So one thing came into my mind. It is like kind of conflicting on what you call what a good architecture should be and what like Srinivas is looking for. I got an idea of like why they are building like dribble and everything else like this kind of scripting.
So I think what Srinivas wanted something to be deployed on a deep site so that like users can locally host it on a pod man container or something and then run those apps on their local. Okay, so that's why I think the pulse and scribble are like kind of separate scripts which run locally.
But that is, what do you call it? In one sense, it's good, it's modular, you can deploy it locally and everything else. But the other bad thing is like, if you want to deploy a chat bot or a scraper off using this architecture and no shared DB, then it's like you are scraping the same thing for like every person and duplicating that data into like.
Different databases, so that is the what you call architecture challenge here, clarity from his end, like what type of what do you call setup he wants, like is it okay to make some of it as like monolithic, like the API layers?
Right.
in which you have to get your transcripts out or download the audio files and scrape the messages and then push them to a separate location, suppose the DB or BLOB storage or any other container. And then that is like your, what do you call, fixed intra. And then based on those, you can select your own MCPs, like what data sources you want.
The.
those can be like deployed locally and configurable. That what exactly type of bot you want to connect. Suppose you want your meeting transcript bot. So you take the data source of the transcript table, okay, and in the what you call in the bot you write your own prompt or we can provide like predefined prompts.
So like you can custom like build your own use cases kind of that way that we have back end infra taken care of and these are some plug and play components you can just plug them and what you got it can solve different use cases for.
Mm-hmm.
Different use cases for different users, yeah.
So this is what I would I would do there, because this is important. This is why I'm giving you the architecture, because I started talking to Srikar, and I'll say this, I think in a good way, even with you, I'm still going to have to help with some parts of it. There's two parts to this. Number one is the actual, like...
Uh-huh.
thought process and polish and understanding. You know, being able to talk through architecture is half of the business of architecture. So, you know, and being able to talk through it means you've thought through it and haven't just given what Claude gave you on the first pass. That's where I'm going to give it to you, because you can do that, you know, on your bay one hardware.
Okay.
Mm.
And I have some really cool things to show you with that that I just added to Singularity. They're not ready yet. I'm actually stuck on one thing. I'll explain that in a moment. But the other is with, so he's maybe not there yet quite with the polish side of things for making this make sense, look good.
Mhm.
be thought through. The other is that we're going to need to phrase this to Srinivas the right way, because I get it, his vision, it's there. I get that he's had got a self-service thing, but here's the reality. He's talking about POCs. That's effectively what he's doing.
Yep.
Right.
So what we should do for architecture is we can phrase it as like maybe like the current state.
And we can say things like POC.
Mhm.
and phrase it like the current version is in like POC territory. So, you know, phrase that diplomatically. So, but basically don't make it sound like it's production if it's not production. Say like, this is a great, like what I even said to Justin Joseph yesterday. I said, you know, what you put together already is a great foundation for us to build off of.
We're not saying, you know, one or two minor tweaks and it's production ready. I'm being diplomatic in the sense that I'm saying it's great for us to build on, which implies that there's a lot left to do.
Okay.
And the same for what you can do is you can say this is the POC architecture and it can be like the local level stuff.
Mhm.
then maybe a transition slide that says, here are some of the gaps that might want to be addressed. So for instance, like you can say.
It, you know, they compute the scaling X, Y, and Z.
Mhm, Okay.
Those are extremely valid, and you're not, you're not infrastructure or platform, you're just saying that, hey, deep site's there, but like, why don't you have common core databases, for instance?
Yep.
Like, like you're saying, why not have some level of unification to be a self-hosted microservice?
Yep, even if like you don't want to do like a single DB for suppose all the chats, all the transcripts, at least have it like at space level. So like it only scrapes one time for that scrape and all the users can use that one. So even if like in case of any attack, so the blast radius is only that group.
And.
So, yeah.
Right, right, and even just think about even, you know, go, and I would go like full pace with this too. The reason why I'm setting this and the reason why I have transcription, if we can at least have this call as notes too, but even things like security, right? If you were trying to...
Mmh.
Access control.
much you can access whatever transcripts you want.
Yep.
And that's not good. That's really not good. So you can say from a future scalability perspective, not just in terms of compute, not just in terms of engineering architecture, but also in terms of security, also in terms of, you know, privacy or in terms of, you know, X&Y&Z. You can bring those angles into it too. You don't need to go like,
Mhm.
10 slides on, you know, why this is bad, but definitely cover it, you know. And that is going to be important for him to see, because if he says to us, you know, no, guys, don't worry about that. I want to do it this way anyway.
And.
Mm-hmm.
We say, OK.
Okay.
But that is a decision that I'm going to put into our record, so that if it ever comes up in the future, we at least brought it up. You know, if he wants to, you know, run the ship into the ground, it's his ship to run into the ground. But we're at least going to be good partners to him and say, look, this is not good. Like you're choosing to make.
Yeah.
you know, an axle out of plastic. And, you know, that might be cheaper than metal, but come on, man, that doesn't work.
And.
But it's important after that to have a resolution. Have the next, the part after that is the most important part, which is an architecture that works with DeepSight. From what we know of DeepSight, I know we don't have everything right now.
Mhm.
Yep.
But it's fairly simple. Like, let's say, like, you know, maybe like a unified space for MCP, a unified space for databases, a unified space for even like a service layer to access the resources.
Nope.
You know, it's all fine and well when things are modular, but how do you scale that?
Right, like, I think, I think.
Yeah, like an at org level of like Cisco suppose 5000, 10,000 employees are going to use it. How are you going to scale that with compute like?
Correct. And I mean, even just look at their repositories today. I mean, of course you can't because you don't have your machine. But if you look at their repos today, it is just a dumpster fire. I mean, they have like 30 repositories that don't do anything. And what they're doing is they're like, for instance, for MCP, they're literally just copying and pasting the code.
Yeah.
and calling it modular. That's not modular. That's technical debt that's spiraling, you know, that they're not even aware of. So, you know, proposing unified layers and single points of entry to things is a good approach. It is a production approach. And it is compatible still with DeepSight and that methodology that he wants things to be
Ohh.
Yeah.
modular reusable, you're not creating a monolith, you're just creating a unified place for access and maintenance.
Yep, yep, and if they really want like convert their, what do you call, false into a service app which we can connect like on the service layer. Similarly, scribble also, we can have it one part where it is downloading and all at the service layer and where it is what you call converting.
So...
converting the transcript as maybe a sub process and after that it is saving that to the DV and for like for more details just add a agent over there. Yeah. So it's like we are also thinking about how to bring what they have already built into the system.
Mmh.
And, but yeah, we will need more clarity on, like, how exactly is deep site and not deep, yeah, even deep site, post and scribble, everything is like structured and built. I don't remember, like, I don't, I didn't see any kind of message from Namita for like the...
ADS access till now. So I don't know if they are able to access deep site and deploy something on their end. And if like Justin and Naga would be willing to provide the repo access of like scribble and this other tool.
Uh, whatever, I am forgetting the name, but you get my point, okay? Yeah, pulse, pulse, yeah, pulse.
Right, right, right, scribble and yeah, yeah.
So, let me, I'll raise that up to Srinivas today, because he himself, you know, that was his action item for the last meet.
Mhm.
You know, so he was supposed to give deep site access in the, you know, he has the power to do that, so if he didn't remember, um, at the meeting, like Imran was there.
Yep, yep, I did my book.
And.
So...
But he was like, do bring this up with me at the start of the month. So he might like, what do you call, get back to us like, you did not say that you did not, you still did not have the access. I thought you already had something on those.
Yes, yes, but I'll take care of that for him because that's one of those things that he's not important enough to have that thought, quite honestly. So I'll knock him down a peg or two if that's needed. But you know, that's one thing, like I, if it's, we had a meeting on Friday and he wants to be reminded on a Monday.
Yeah.
Yes.
and he's, it's his action item. You know, I'm not his secretary. So, you know, he can know what is his responsibility and what's not. He's got to take notes, especially because, you know, this is actually a good one for us, because given what we have for Jarvis, they kind of needed Cisco.
Yeah.
because they have some action items and things for meetings. The one thing that I did notice, by the way, for Wispr is that a lot of the times there's some transcriptions that say the speaker wasn't talking clearly or wasn't talking in English and transcripts aren't available.
Mhm.
OKOK.
So, but just so you know, that's one good case for Wispr, because that is something that, and you know, I think it has to do with certain accents or even just the way that people talk, like some people mumble a little bit, but still, it's, you know, you wouldn't want a fail-safe, which you could have, that would make sense then for Wispr.
Yep.
Yeah.
You could have Wispr as kind of the fallback for Cisco transcription. If the transcription isn't available or fails, then use Wispr instead. That cuts down the, you know, the usage. That makes it make sense.
Okay, yeah, yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Alright.
So 2 last things, and then I do have to run. I've got to start driving to the tax guy. So today for the meet, I know the transcript will be on, so that'll be good. But just talk to everyone, see where we're at with things for yourself.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Just let me know how support goes. If it's not resolved today, I mean, I'm just going to cost any of us with this, and we'll get you a machine as soon as we can.
Yeah, I like.
Even like for the IT guy whom I have to like contact tomorrow morning in quotes to go and get like the loaner laptop, I did not receive any reply from him. First, for like first 1 1/2 hour, no reply, no ping message from his end.
So I'm like, what exactly is happening? Then I ping them from my end, like, yeah, hello, good afternoon. And when should I like come to the office to like collect my laptop and what are some updates? Or should I bring my Cisco laptop with me for like delivery or would it be like?
picked up from my home and I still haven't received any response from them yet, but let's see. Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
really hurting any progress I can make here. Please advise, like something like that.
Yep.
from.
Okay. Now let me show you one last thing. And this is for the architecture side. Now this is what I'm adding into the Singularity skill. I'm just going to give you the files because I don't have it ready. I'll explain what's going on with it in a moment. Basically, I had to clean up the folder structure and I'm like, that's a mess. I need to fix that and polish it up before I push it onto V2.
But I went with Mermaid.
And with mermaid.js, I basically had an agent go into a deep dive for every possible thing that we can take advantage of with mermaid.
Mhm.
Okay.
So I sent those files in the chat. So there's a total of, I think, 8 files that all link together. Now I'm going to imagine that the URLs will be broken because they're probably pointing to my local path. But I would fix those with Claude real quick. It's just pointing the HTML files to each other. So for instance, you see the tabs up at the top.
Mhm.
Yep, yeah.
Pay attention to the URL. Watch when I click the 11 shapes. It just goes to that HTML. So it makes it nicer to flip back and forth from on our end. But you could always just open the HTML files as their own individual web pages too.
Mm.
Okay, okay.
No, no.
So what I did here is I went through Mermaid and I found every possible thing that you can do with Mermaid.
So this is like the Bible for memory.
Mhm.
So if you want shapes, if you want different things here, great. But when I show you some extra things, you're going to really like it. You know, if you want to have different, you know, symbols between things, these are great for architecture diagrams. There's a lot of options here.
Text, you know how to format things, and these are things that I'm just pointing Claude to. So you know you can really elevate the architecture diagrams because you can use font awesome icons, you can use these bullet formatting, all of that has working examples that live in here.
Okay, okay.
Icons are possible through Font Awesome and pretty much anything else you can use Feather as well.
That works great. You can define classes so that code doesn't start to get scrawling. So for instance, you can have things that are reusable. Those are all defined here. You know, like you can go from vanilla left side to actually looking nice on the right side.
Mm.
Okay, okay.
Now some of these things, if you notice they get cut off, just know that that is a JavaScript issue. All you have to do is pad the container that it's in.
Mhm.
Okay.
So it's just a padding thing. It's just one when you refer it, but subgraphs as well.
Which are just the box in a box.
Mhm.
A couple of examples there with the code. And finally, the most important one, diagram types.
So this is the one I pay the most attention to, because this has the most useful stuff for any kind of architecture or planning, like even here for classes, if you wanted to share like database models and, you know, relationships, obviously you'd rearranged a little bit to make it nicer. This one's set up this way so it's in portrait mode.
Mhm.
But there's a lot more than you would think that you can do with Mermaid, and Claude tends to default to something incredibly simplistic.
Yep, yep.
But you can do a lot of different things, like even like this Gantt chart.
Mhm.
You know, and there's pie charts, there's mind maps.
milestone tracker is a really cool one for how git graphs would work.
Mm-hmm.
So I put together kind of a comprehensive set of everything that's in the current version of Mermaid 11, or 11.2, I believe.
Mhm.
So that whenever you're trying to do this, even, you know, Claude goes and tends to default still, even with this understanding, it always defaults to a flow chart. But you could look at this and say, you know what, I'd like to visualize it like this. Here, go to this file for a reference on to how to do that.
And I also gave 4 markdown reference files that can be used. So like the comprehensive library for the shape.
how SVGs can scale. So if you wanted to put them inside of a document, these are cloud friendly.
Mhm.
So yeah, but I wanted to give you these because if you're doing architecture, these are super helpful to do.
But basically for the architecture, just think about it in those two ways. So.
Capture current state. Say that it's great for a POC. As long as we call it a POC, I know he's going to get defensive on that. I will handle it in the meeting. That's intentional on my side. Call it a POC and he's going to have to defend why it's production great.
Mm.
Okay, KP.
You know, so I'm ready to have that debate. Because he wanted us to do good work. I'm like, okay, if you want me to do good work, let me do good work. But if you want us to do it your way and it's not good, I want you to know that I don't agree with it.
Yeah.
And.
Then something that says, here's the considerations that you know you'd want to think about for production's sake, and here's why they're important, here's why they are going to be helpful and not just, you know, boiling the ocean. Making it clear that they are intentional and not just done, you know, because Claude said so.
Yeah.
is the way to win the battle here.
Basically what we're saying is I've thought about it more than you've thought about it.
Okay.
Yep.
And then that the last screen is, and it doesn't have to be just one diagram. It could be several, it could be one, it could be whatever is appropriate, it could be per app, it doesn't really matter. But to say, here's what, you know, the recommended state would be, and here's why it's compatible with what we understand from Deepak Site at this current moment.
Mhm.
So for this, you're going to need kind of the collective wisdom from everyone and all the things we know from Justin, from Naga, from the rest. Because it sounds like, I mean, even there is a guy that had an app hosted.
Um...
So even for them in production right now, they are still, you know, really in POC mode.
Yeah, I'm like, if it was like prediction grid, now I have like a very good question for them. They are saying like pulse is ready and running, correct? It is a scraper. So they should already have integrated that on like an XY chat and already have the data in the DB, correct?
And so...
Yeah.
If it is that Aditi.
Right.
Yeah, totally.
Right, right.
Then they should not have asked to like, what do you call it, go ahead and build the scraper as well as the bot and then do the analysis. They should have like shared just the data like here is all the scraped data and you do an analysis on this.
Mm.
Right, exactly, exactly.
All right. Hey, Saurav, I do have to run now. I got to start driving. But just, if you don't mind, can you just, you know, on the call, just collect information from everyone, let them know that your current status, you're, you know, kind of out of a laptop, so you kind of need them to be eyes and ears. I'll get back with them later on today.
Mhm.
Okay, yeah.
But I just got to get driving that at this point.
Yep, yep, sure. Best of luck for your taxes, Colin. Hope you paid more. Yeah.
Yeah, lots of fun. Hopefully, hopefully.
Yeah.
All right, sir. We'll talk soon. Bye-bye.
OK, bye.